I'm really chilled out eh
Seriously, people have spent the whole
weekend insulting me for no
reason and I'm really chilling like it has
nothing to do with anything. The truth is, here they
are denying what is being talked about.
Okay, people have been spending the whole
weekend insulting him. Auron is not a
person who hardly gets any hate. In fact,
he has very few haters. I would say what
happens is that yes, it seems like they have lost a
lot of respect for him by calling him Cook. No, and
that kind of thing. They don't call him Cook, but let's
see, man, it's also that if you go on
your channel, you do a live explaining what
this chick did to you and now you go and
Show up with her in your car. I
mean, I mean, you've been spectacular, but
angry. eh. No, what are you? This is the
other thing, the same old thing, and I'm like, it has
nothing to do with anything, I mean. But
well, I've been very calm and very
chilled, and I'll tell you, nothing to do with
anything, but well.